Hey,

I'm Ibrahim, a student at UMD. With a couple friends, I'm launching a website on Thursday (writedaily.co) which provides users with a 7 day challenge intended to improve their writing skills. We initially split users into three types of writing: creative, opinionated, and professional. We then provide a daily prompt, and a platform for users to write, share (if they choose), and explore other pieces. 

I thought the ________ class you are teaching this semester was especially relevant because of our _________ track. I was hoping you would be willing to introduce your students to the website after we launch (would be super awesome if you incentivized them with extra credit!). I figured getting in touch before launch was a good idea regardless, to gauge your interest in the matter. 

I included a prewritten message aimed at your students below for you to use (unless you would rather write a message yourself, or not send them an email at all). It includes the extra credit bit, so go ahead and remove that if it is not something you are comfortable with doing. 

I look forward to hearing back, feel free to ask any questions!

-ibrahim

----------------
Some UMD students built out writedaily.co, where you write responses to 7 prompts daily over the course of the week. The goal is to improve your writing through the act of writing, reading other writers' responses to the same prompts, and discussion. 

There is extra credit available for students who furnish proof of completing the 7 day challenge!
----------------



Dear Professor, 

My name is Ibrahim Hashme, and I'm a student here at UMD. 

Over the past several months, I developed a habit to write every day. There is a Reddit page called r/writingprompts, where several hundred writers around the world write creative pieces in response to given prompts. The benefits of this routine to my writing skills are unmeasurable, and I wanted to help others develop the same habit. 

I'm launching a website this Thursday called writedaily (https://writedaily.co). Writedaily provides writers with a seven day challenge intended to improve their writing skills. Writers can choose which style of writing they would like to improve: creative, opinionated, or professional. We then provide them with a daily prompt, a platform for them to write responses, share (if they choose to), and explore other pieces by other writers on the platform. 

I thought the _____ class you are teaching this semester was especially relevant because of our ____ track. I was wondering if you would be willing to introduce your students to the website after we launch. It would be even more awesome if you could incentivize them with extra credit. I figured getting in touch before launch was a good idea regardless, to gauge your interest in the matter. 

I have included a pre-written message aimed at your students below if you wish to forward this along to students. It includes a bit about extra credit, but please feel free to remove this if you are not comfortable.

I look forward to hearing back, and please feel free to ask any questions!

Best, 
Ibrahim

-----

Students, 

A team of your fellow UMD students have launched a service named writedaily (http://writedaily.co). This service puts you through a seven day challenge in which you are sent one prompt a day to write a response to (think r/writingprompts on Reddit). The goal is to improve your writing through habitual writing, reading other writers's responses to the same prompts, and discussion. 

For those of you who wish to participate, I will provide a small amount of extra credit for any student who completes the 7-day challenge. 

Best, 
Name

---- 

	

Dear Professor, 

My name is Ibrahim Hashme, and I'm a student here at UMD. 

Over the past several months, I developed a habit to write every day. There is a Reddit page called r/writingprompts, where several hundred writers around the world write creative pieces in response to given prompts. The benefits of this routine to my writing skills are unmeasurable, and I wanted to help others develop the same habit. 

I'm launching a website this Thursday called writedaily (https://writedaily.co). Writedaily provides writers with a seven day challenge intended to improve their writing skills. Writers can choose which style of writing they would like to improve: creative, journalistic, or professional. We then provide them with a daily prompt, a platform for them to write responses, share (if they choose to), and explore other pieces by other writers on the platform. 

I thought our product would be especially relevant to students in your  _____ class, and I was wondering if you would be willing to introduce them to our website after we launch. It would be even more awesome if you could incentivize them with extra credit, although it’s entirely up to you.

I have included a pre-written message aimed at your students below if you wish to forward this along to them. It includes a bit about extra credit, but please feel free to remove this if you want.

I figured getting in touch before launch was a good idea regardless, to gauge your interest, and hear any thought you might have. I look forward to hearing back, feel free to shoot me an email if you have any questions!

Best, 
Ibrahim
